it's halftime here and we are gonna see
the celebration of the legends game
where the Townsville legends who went up
against the league legends one of the
teams was coached by myself and the
other team was coached by NV a legend in
Townsville legend Eric Rucker and I have
ashamed to say at the Townsville legends
pulled off the upset I'm not sure if it
had anything to do with the coaching but
this is Derrick Rucker right here of
course a familiar face lit up the lake
back in 1990 was it VP of the league
scorch the league and over 30 points a
game took the league by storm but you
must have enjoyed your time here in
Townsville they flew you out here for a
legends game thus they must think pretty
highly of it yes Steve is great I mean
to come out here and be a part of the
atmosphere again and a place where I've
obviously had a lot of success it's a
during the Stiles you gonna bring back
they brings back a lot of great moments
all right the legend seat was full of
legends they had the likes of Daryl
MacDonald and just the who's who of
basketball quite a few Melvin Tigers and
Chris an see Chris he looks like he
could make a run in for MVP of the
league now of course mark Frankie was
making his mark down on the bottom
Daniel League and warmer Melvin Tiger
played here in Townsville goes down to
Mark Davis who look pretty he had about
15 rebounds Martin Davis is 51 years old
it looks like he's in fantastic shape
some guys look great some guys look not
so great well we won't mention the guys
that don't look so great but look a lot
of guys way very welcomes me for my team
and before the game I went to each man
and that
and I'm doing samba kid instead he felt
good and Rob bro said he felt good I
knew where a chance to win because Rob
Wilson will have seen the win he made a
big big defensive play at the end and
got the ball off coax and I think that
helped us win that game yeah no kidding
you guys here knows a lot of controversy
monster coaching as well I must say
that's a quick
great session that was some controversy
about maybe you trying to get the ball
now I'm not saying I felt that way LC
exactly I know about Arco only had four
shots and as you see I think that we
have more legends on our team Derek I
think your legends were in better shape
I know and I had the guards I had Kelvin
Robertson - Brad Dave and some little
guys that I knew that we're gonna be
able to create problems defensively and
push the ball a little bit so when I saw
those guys pretty good chance to win the
game but Steve is very entertaining I
thought - God came out especially in the
fourth quarter they really picked up the
pace and remind me of those great
all-star games back in the 90s when guys
would best around for a couple for a few
quarters and then with the fourth
quarter time 4-4-2 came it was time to
go yeah some great games some all-star
games in the 90s there's some coaching
right there I was complaining that Derek
Rucker was all outside of his coaching
body I was on the court everything
they'll Cooper you talk about some
players being passive male Cooper that
bigdecimal
somebody to a male Cooper I'm not quite
sure but we didn't see eye to eye on
this one what happened to you yeah I
didn't really get my point across from
the
I think that Paul probably didn't
deserve it as much as I did but you know
I got my walking papers right there and
you know sometimes it's just not a good
as that way well our just throws in with
kids I'm not a good example
throw some souvenirs out to the crowd
right here I wasn't sure but I wasn't
sure if the air conditioning was
I'm cheaper than I am angry
well NGA's has what some people call the
greatest Melbourne Tiger ever but it's
probably an argument that goes between
those two thanks very much Dave here's
something with one odd couple of course
the twenty one for the Melbourne talkies
superstar and Cubs you're in great shape
you look fantastic
but the game is not quite what it once
was Jewish surely you're not talking
about my game you might have been the
only guy on the team that didn't score
number one scorer in the league for
thirty years and you can get that ball
and their little round hole don't worry
about it all right all right
it was great to be out there with the
fellas running around I was trying to
distributed it and get some of the
fellas involved but how do you pull up
after one of these games for joy you
know I've seen your nose commercials but
it was great to see all the guys in some
of them as Derek was mention something
got health problems and some of the
guards out there pretty good shake
absolutely and the good thing is to get
all these old guys back into the game
involved in the game I reckon it should
go on more often because guys want to
get back to the game and it is good for
the crowd the crowd was happy the
players are happy to do it so let's do
it again well you did very very well
tonight before we let you go who'd use
your tip for the game tonight I want to
pick the quads by seven
good this is do decision types water on
your performance tonight just going
through and should have keeping it up
just a little bit more stay back to you
great to see all the legends great to
see and talk to these guys to see what
they're up to what are you doing
nowadays with yourself there yeah well I
moved to LA about a year and a half ago
after a couple of years in Las Vegas I'm
just in a few benches at the moment I'm
trying to become an NBA agent you got a
mark any company I'm working on so
hopefully things will kind of pan out in
America make it work all right well I'm
looking forward to hearing about that a
little bit later all the ledge is gonna
get together afterwards and have a
couple of shanties we'll be back with
the second half right after this
winner winner chicken dinner
I got one thing if we can just keep Brad
Davis it out of the lane we'll be fine
anytime same for all he wants a suit God
please let it
got bored Melvin Tigers out there we
can't run